this was a crucial time this is the
moment that the pulse must recognize me
as a parent imprinting only occurs in
these first few moments out of the egg
and then suddenly the end of the egg
fell away and this little pole fell out
and he's wet and he's confused and he's
scrambling and it's obviously a
desperate time well I finally remembered
to make a sound and I made my little
turkey sound that I had been making to
these eggs and the little turkey stopped
immediately in his little shaking wet
head rotated and he looked me square in
the eyes and there was something very
unambiguous transpired in that moment
and he identified me as the the pair of
eyes belonging to the correct noise
and in his way he stumbled and hopped
across the floor of the incubator and
joined me at the edge of the shelf and
huddled up against my face asleep and
something also moved inside of me
something very profound
[Music]
you
and I realized that my involvement in
this experiment was going to be a very
personal very emotional ride for me and
not just a science experiment
you